Privacy Policy

The independent group Radautiul Civic voluntarily built “e-Radauti” app as a free app. The app is provided by Radautiul Civic at no cost and is intended for use as is. 

The app is built to serve as a mobile instrument to facilitate the communication between the locals and Radautiul Civic group. The communication will be used for civic actions, reports and/or simple contact. Most of the information will be directed to our e-mail address: radautiulcivic@gmail.com Additionally, the app contains instruments which can be used for helping the potential tourists to explore the city’s landmarks. 

If you choose to use our app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used when transmitting the requests and complaints to local authorities and/or other entities listed in the app. Open communication instruments inside the app (such as “Chat”) between the users might include but not limited to the public display of e-mail address and full name. 

We will not use or share the information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. 
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible inside the app unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. 
Information Collection and Use

While using our app, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to phone or tablet’s camera and global position. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. 
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. 
Link to the privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:

Google Play Services
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our app, in a case of an error in the app, we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our instruments, the time and date of your use of the app, and other statistics. 

Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used a unique anonymous identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored in your device internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service. 

Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: 
- To facilitate our Service; 
- To provide the users with third-party Services (ex. Recycling)
- To provide the Service on our behalf;
- To perform Service-related services; or 
- To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this app that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. 

Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information. Thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

Links to Other Sites or Service Providers
This app contains links and contacts forms to other sites or service providers. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. The contact forms that are filled by the user for a third-party service will be sent directly to the third-party Service Provider. Note that that we do not operate these external sites. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. 

Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at radautiulcivic@gmail.com.